One thing we didn't look at is doing parallel execution,
and that's because it's really not part of Selenium
or the Grid framework itself.
It's a little bit confusing to some when they are expecting
that if they use Grid that their tests will just
automatically be executed in parallel.
And that's not necessarily the case. You have to do
something to make that happen.
So for example,
let's say that we wanted to run 10 test cases at a time, and maybe we
had 1,000 test cases or so, we would need to, in that way that we run
our tests, set up parallel execution.
So in our solution, in our IDE perhaps, we would spin off threads,
and we would run our threads. They are all hitting that same hub, and
that hub can execute them in parallel.
But we are actually controlling the parallelization of our tests at the
level where we are running them or where the driver of the test is. We can
cover that detail more when we get into frameworks,
but basically, you are responsible for parallel execution. The grid makes it possible, but you have to initiate it.